Add GHFresh example app (#50)
preactjs/awesome-preact: readme.md

- [**Web Maker**](https://webmaker.app) An offline and blazing fast frontend playground built using Preact. _([Github project](https://github.com/chinchang/web-maker))_.
- [**Intergram**](https://www.intergram.xyz) A live chat widget linked to your Telegram messenger built using Preact. _([Github project](https://github.com/idoco/intergram))_.
- [**Preact App in ES6 without Babel or JSX**](https://vanilla-preact.surge.sh) _([GitHub Project](https://github.com/safdarjamal/vanilla-preact/))_.

> - [**GHFresh**](https://code2k.github.io/ghfresh/)]) Monitor GitHub releases. TS, CRA, Material-UI, Redux Toolkit. _([GitHub Project](https://github.com/code2k/ghfresh))_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**GHFresh**](https://code2k.github.io/ghfresh/) Monitor GitHub repository releases – Prerendering with Preact. Built with Preact Compat, TypeScript, Material-UI and Redux Toolkit. _([GitHub Project](https://github.com/code2k/ghfresh))_.
```

Reviewer: What's your opinion about the suggestion @code2k?
I'm trying to make it clearer for anyone that'll view this list later :)
